# More CVD Graphene FET Measurements, Post-functionalisation

The measurement data in this folder was recorded on the 19th of March 2024.
It was observed that the Dirac voltage of Device 1 had changed since the last set of measurements, so several of the files in this folder are dedicated to recording other changes in the two devices' properties.
The dependence of the source-drain current on both the source drain voltage and the gate voltage is measured (dark/light), for higher maximum gate voltages than previous measurements. These reveal the location of the Dirac point / Dirac voltage. Also measured is photocurrent at the previous source-drain voltage of 10 mV, as well as the higher value of 50 mV. At V_{sd} = 50 mV, additional measurements were taken with various filters placed between the laser and the cryostat window. These measurements allow the photoresponsivity to be measured as a function of power incident on the device.
The results were collected at room temperature and a pressure of 3x10^{-6} mbar. The GFETs have a Si/SiO2 substrate, with an oxide layer thickness of 90 nm. All current measurements are in units of Amperes, and all voltage measurements in Volts.

# About the Files

`CVD1F-Isd-Vsd-Dark.dat`, `CVD1F-Isd-Vsd-Light.dat`, `CVD2F-Isd-Vsd-Dark.dat`, and `CVD2F-Isd-Vsd-Light.dat` contain another round of measurements of the source-drain current (second column) as a function of source-drain voltage (first column), with zero gate voltage. Again, CVD1F / CVD2F refers to Device 1 or 2, and the Dark / Light part of the filename indicates whether the laser was shone onto the device during the measurements.

`CVD1F-Isd-Vg-Dark.dat`, `CVD1F-Isd-Vg-Light.dat`, `CVD2F-Isd-Vg-Dark.dat`, and `CVD2F-Isd-Vg-Light.dat` contain, primarily, measurements of the source-drain current as a function of gate voltage, with a constant source-drain voltage of 10 mV. The first column gives the gate voltage, the second the gate current, the third the source-drain voltage, and the fourth the source-drain current. There are also similarly named files with additional suffixes before the `.dat` extension. A number followed by `max` indicates the maximum gate voltage - these are the measurements we took while searching for the Dirac point. Some files also have an additional `-2` at the end. These are the final measurements taken to establish the final state of the devices after the day's measurements.

`CVD1F-time-10mV.dat` and `CVD2F-time-10mV.dat` are repeats of the previous time-series measurements of the source-drain current (while covering and uncovering the window). The columns are the datapoint number, the time in seconds, the source-drain voltage and the source-drain current. 10 mV refers to the source-drain voltage. `CVD1F-time-50mV.dat` and `CVD2F-time-50mV.dat` are similar, except for a source-drain voltage of 50 mV instead of 10. Files with the suffix `-OD1`/`2`/`3` before the `.dat` extension indicate the optical density of the filter used for that set of measurements.

`data-processing.py` graphs the data in the files above, as well as automatically determining the Dirac voltages, comparing previous and current values of source-drain resistance. In addition, the photocurrent is determined, and the photoresponsivity as a function of power.
